---
layout: markdown
title: "Finals Pt. 2"
date: 2006-12-14
source_url: /2006/12/14/finals-pt-2/
permalink: /2006/12/14/finals-pt-2.md
---

Almost done, It's all over Saturday. Caannn't wait.

Oh, that dream. Alright, first of all I don't normally dream, probably because  I have some sort of sleep problems (which will be determined at a later date, after a visit to the sleep study clinic). Anyway, I suck at sleeping, and I don't dream.

Ok, so a week ago, I get hit with this dream that is more of a Cliff note from God than anything.
Let me preface this with a side story... There is a guy at church that is quite the outdoors man. He's got the gun permits and everything, including a concealed weapon permit. When we were talking about it one Sunday morning he came out with a surprisingly profound statement. I asked him why he felt the need to have the gun on him all the time and he responded with this, "I'll will probably not fire this gun in my lifetime, but if I had one situation where I needed it, and didn't have it, I would most likely regret it for a lifetime".

That in itself really hit me at the time, especially since he wasn't really trying to be deep or profound. But of course, as usual of most important things, I didn't think of it anymore past that moment :-)

Ok, back to the dream.

So I'm sleeping when this all starts (wild, I know). Now this all happened in a matter of about 15 seconds, just to give you a little time frame...

Anyway, it starts with me walking out of a building on the LSU campus with a group of people, fairly late at night. We walk outside and hear some screams, and as soon as we look up we see a group of 10 or 12 people running, and a man with a gun, who as apparently just shot someone. (one of those "all knowing" things in dreams). Well my group was about 30 feet from the scene, so he spotted us as soon as we saw him. But before he could react, I looked inside my jacket, found a gun, pulled it out and shot him. Ok, super graphic, I know, but I'm not done. As soon as this happens I sit up in my bed, awake, in a cold sweat. Before I can even form the thought "What was that about?", I hear that phrase in my mind, "I may never need it in my lifetime, but if I did need it, and didn't have it, I'd regret it for a lifetime". And again, before I could say the words "What is this all about?", God says , clearer than ever, "This is how so many people live their lives. You may go through your whole life and feel as if you've done fine on your own, without My wisdom, love, and grace...but if one situation in your life comes along that you can't handle yourself, and don't have these things, you will remember it for a lifetime".

I guess there are about 30 different things that just really impacted me about this whole instance, but what stuck out the most was just the fact that we go through our lives like little children, not calling on our parents for help until we actually need help. I hope that I'm growing to the point where I can call on God to ask for guidance when I'm doing "fine", when everything is going smoothly and I feel like I've got in under control. I hope that I can realize that in these times when I think I'm fine, I still, maybe even moreso, need His guidance and leading, so I can be stronger and more set on my path when trouble does indeed come.

Also, the whole "Young men will dream dreams" thing is awesome to think about.

I love that He never fails to make Himself ever apparent in my life.

Alright, it's time for bed. I'm getting a little emo.
